# Ka-Nying Shedrub Ling ཆོས་སྤྱོད་ (chos spyod) 
## Lotus Light edition by Peter Olin

Ka-Nying chos-spyod with convenient navigation. Work in progress.

This first rough draft of an eBook is an independent unauthorized and unoffial edit of an eBook version of the Ka-Nying Shedrub Ling chos-spyod that I found somewhere on the Internet. To improve its usability I have done the following visible changes to the original.
- Revised the table of contents to use the same titles and page numbers as the printed text (the "New chos-spoyd")
- Added sub headings to the Leu Dunma in the table of contents.
- Added some page numbers in the running text.
- Added a limited set of links for quick navigation to follow frequent "routes" through various practices.
- Added markers for "jumpt to"-spots
- Removed the text at the end of every page that was auto generated by the eBook generation software used for the original. 
- Joined HTML-pages to have less page-breaks and semi-blank pages.

## Known issues
- One prayer and/or some page(s) was lost in the edit. Need to investigae what is lost, and add it back in.
- There are still some unnecessary page-breaks

## Planned Improvements
- More easy jump links for more of the common practices at Gomdes worldwide and Ka-Nying monastery
- Add a section of common prayers that are not in the chos-spyod, but often used
- This has only been tested on iBooks on MacOs and on iPhone.
- Add format for Kindle.
- Adjust (or remove) color schemes
- Other changes after feedback from users.
- Add an English language (Latin characters) table of contents for quick access/reading for beginners of Tibetan language.

Please let me know of any issues by emailing me at peter.olin@gmail.com




